[
    Document(
        id_='d94ac853-a948-4201-b459-ddd19f3f35a1',
        embedding=None,
        metadata={
            'title': 
'2024-0002-Policy-DDP_-SEBI_circular_on_Streamlining_of_Regulatory_Reporti
ng_by_Designated_Depository_Participants_(DDPs)_and_Custodians',
            'file_path': 
'/Users/abhishekbojja/Documents/GitHub/rag-pdf/backend/data/sample_dir/202
4-0002-Policy-DDP_-SEBI_circular_on_Streamlining_of_Regulatory_Reporting_b
y_Designated_Depository_Participants_(DDPs)_and_Custodians.pdf'
        },
        excluded_embed_metadata_keys=[
            'file_name',
            'file_type',
            'file_size',
            'creation_date',
            'last_modified_date',
            'last_accessed_date'
        ],
        excluded_llm_metadata_keys=[
            'file_name',
            'file_type',
            'file_size',
            'creation_date',
            'last_modified_date',
            'last_accessed_date'
        ],
        relationships={},
        text='## NSDL Participant Services Circular\n\nCircular No.: 
NSDL/POLICY/DDP/2024/0002\n\nFebruary 01, 2024\n\nSubject: SEBI circular 
on Streamlining of Regulatory Reporting by Designated Depository 
Participants (DDPs) and Custodians.\n\nAttention of Participants who are 
registered with SEBI as Designated Depository Participants (DDPs) / 
Custodian of Securities (Custodians) is invited to SEBI Circular no. 
SEBI/HO/AFD/AFD-SEC-2/P/CIR/2024/8 dated January 25, 2024 (copy enclosed) 
in respect of ‘Streamlining of Regulatory Reporting by Designated 
Depository Participants (DDPs) and Custodians’.\n\nDDPs/Custodians are 
requested to take note of the same and ensure compliance.\n\nFor and on 
behalf of National Securities Depository Limited\n\nAROCKIARAJ Date: 
2024.02.01 16:58:41 +05\'30\'\n\nArockiaraj\n\nManager\n\nEnclosure: 
One\n\n|Particulars|Deadline|Manner of 
sending|Reference|\n|---|---|---|---|\n|Investor Grievance Report 
(Monthly)|By 10th of the following month|Through e-PASS|1. Para 20 of NSDL
Master Circular for Participants on ‘Grievance Redressal’ chapter.|\n| | |
|2. Circular No.: NSDL/POLICY/2023/0161 dated November 13, 
2023|\n\nNational Securities Depository Limited\n\n4th Floor, ‘A’ Wing, 
Trade World, Kamala Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, 
Mumbai – 400 013, Maharashtra, India\n\nTel.: 91-22-2499 4200 | Fax: 
91-22-2497 6351 | email: info@nsdl.com | Web: www.nsdl.co.in\n\nCorporate 
Identity Number: U74120MH2012PLC230380\n---\n## Securities and Exchange 
Board of India\n\n## CIRCULAR\n\nSEBI/HO/AFD/ AFD-SEC-2/P/CIR/2024/8 
January 25, 2024\n\nTo\n\nAll Designated Depository Participants (DDPs), 
All Custodians\n\nSir/ Madam,\n\nSub: Streamlining of Regulatory Reporting
by Designated Depository Participants (DDPs) and Custodians\n\n1. SEBI has
reviewed various reports submitted by DDPs and Custodians in order to have
uniform compliance standards, for ease of compliance reporting and for 
regulatory purposes.\n2. In terms of Regulation 31(4) of SEBI (Foreign 
Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019, and Regulation 20 of the SEBI 
(Custodian) Regulations, 1996 read with the provisions of Master Circular 
for Custodians dated April 27, 2023 (referred as Master Circular for 
Custodians) all DDPs and Custodians shall submit the reports specified by 
the Board from time to time.\n3. Subsequent to the review, it has been 
decided that the following reports shall henceforth be submitted on the 
SEBI Intermediary Portal (SI Portal) by DDPs and 
Custodians:\n\n|S.No|Reporting 
Requirements|Periodicity|\n|---|---|---|\n|I.|Annual audit reports on 
internal controls of DDPs under Regulation 31(6) of SEBI (Foreign 
Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019|Annual|\n|II.|Annual review report 
of the systems, procedures & controls of the Custodian by an expert under 
Regulation 14 (2) of Custodian Regulations read with Clause 8 of Chapter 
IV of the Master Circular for Custodians.|Annual|\n|III.|Audited Annual 
report along with Net worth certificate under Clause 7 of Chapter IV of 
the Master Circular for Custodians|Annual|\n|IV.|AI / ML report under 
Clause 9 (v) of Chapter IV of the Master Circular for Custodians|Half 
yearly|\n|V.|Custodian Quarterly report under Clause 6 of Chapter IV of 
the Master Circular for Custodians.|Quarterly|\n|VI.|FPI General 
Information to assess the eligibility under Regulation 4 of FPI 
Regulations, 2019| |\n\nPage 1 of 3\n---\n|Reporting 
Requirements|Securities and Exchange Board of 
India|Periodicity|\n|---|---|---|\n|VII. NRI/OCI/RI requirements under 
Clause 1(ii) of Part A of Master Circular for FPIs and DDPs dated December
19, 2022| | |\n|VIII. FPIs non-compliant with Legal entity identifier 
requirements under circular dated July 27, 2023| |Quarterly|\n|IX. FPIs 
who have not submitted granular BO details under circular dated August 24,
2023| | |\n|X. Details of FPIs granted exemption under circular dated 
August 24, 2023| | |\n|Change in material information where there is a 
delay of 6 months as provided under Clause 14(iii) of Part A of the Master
Circular for FPIs and DDPs| |Monthly|\n|XII. Report of short sales by FPIs
under Clause 4 of Chapter IV of the Master Circular for Custodians.| | 
|\n\n4. The reporting formats which were finalised in consultation with 
the pilot Custodians and Designated Depository Participants Standard 
Setting Forum (CDSSF) shall be shared by CDSSF with all the DDPs and 
Custodians, who shall disclose the same on their websites.\n\n5. Reporting
by DDPs under Clause 14(iii) of Part A of Master Circular for FPIs and 
DDPs shall be on monthly basis on SI portal. However, the DDPs shall 
continue to submit delay in intimation of certain material changes 
(excluding change in Name, Change in Senior Managing Official and Change 
in Beneficial owner not leading to change in Investor Grouping), within 2 
working days from the receipt of intimation by FPI by email to 
misc-fpi@sebi.gov.in.\n\nTimelines for submission of reports\n\n6. These 
reports shall be submitted by DDPs and Custodians on the SI portal on 
monthly, quarterly, half yearly and annual basis as specified. The monthly
and quarterly reports shall be uploaded within 15 calendar days from the 
end of each month and quarter, respectively. The other reports shall be 
uploaded as per timelines specified in the Master Circular.\n\n7. The mode
and periodicity of the provisions of circulars as mentioned in para 2 
stand modified to the extent specified herein.\n\n8. The provisions of 
this Circular shall come into effect from month ending February - 2024 
onwards.\n\n9. This Circular is issued in exercise of powers conferred 
under Section 11(1) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 
1992, to protect the interest of investors in securities and to promote 
the development of, and to regulate the securities market.\n\nPage 2 of 
3\n---\n5331HRaz wfaafa 3r als\n\nSecurities and Exchange Board of 
India\n\n10. This Circular is available on SEBI website at www.sebi.gov.in
under the categories "Legal Framework - Circulars" and "Info for Foreign 
Portfolio Investors".\n\nYours faithfully,\n\nTreasa Kuriala\n\nDeputy 
General Manager\n\nTel no.: +91-22-26449228\n\ntreasak@sebi.gov.in\n\nPage
3 of 3',
        start_char_idx=None,
        end_char_idx=None,
        text_template='{metadata_str}\n\n{content}',
        metadata_template='{key}: {value}',
        metadata_seperator='\n'
    )
]